kubernetes/helm/artifactory/README.md, before:

# JFrog Artifactory Helm Chart

## Prerequisites Details

* Kubernetes 1.6+
* Artifactory Pro trial license [get one from here](https://www.jfrog.com/artifactory/free-trial/)

## Chart Details
This chart will do the following:

* Deploy Artifactory-Oss
* Deploy Artifactory-Pro

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `artifactory`:

```bash
$ helm install --name artifactory stable/artifactory
```

### Deploying Artifactory OSS
By default it will run Artifactory-Pro to run Artifactory-Oss use following command:
```bash
$ helm install --name artifactory --set artifactory.image.repository=docker.bintray.io/jfrog/artifactory-oss stable/artifactory
```

### Accessing Artifactory
**NOTE:** It might take a few minutes for Artifactory's public IP to become available.
Follow the instructions outputted by the install command to get the Artifactory IP to access it.

### Updating Artifactory
Once you have a new chart version, you can update your deployment with
```bash
$ helm upgrade artifactory --namespace artifactory stable/artifactory
```

This will apply any configuration changes on your existing deployment.

### Customizing Database password
You can override the specified database password (set in [values.yaml](values.yaml)), by passing it as a parameter in the install command line
```bash
$ helm install --name artifactory --namespace artifactory --set database.env.pass=12_hX34qwerQ2 stable/artifactory
```

You can customise other parameters in the same way, by passing them on `helm install` command line.

### Deleting Artifactory
```bash
$ helm delete --purge artifactory
```

This will completely delete your Artifactory Pro deployment.  
**IMPORTANT:** This will also delete your data volumes. You will loose all data!

## Configuration

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the artifactory chart and their default values.

|         Parameter         |           Description             |                         Default                          |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| `database.name`          | Database name                     | `postgresql`                                                    |
| `database.replicaCount` | Database replica count | `1`   |
| `database.env.type`          | Database type                     | `postgresql`                                             |
| `database.env.name`          | Database name                     | `artifactory`                                            |
| `database.env.user`          | Database username                 | `artifactory`                                            |
| `database.env.pass`          | Database password                 | `artXifactory1973`                                       |
| `database.image.repository`          | Database container image                     | `docker.bintray.io/postgres`             |
| `database.image.version`          | Database container image tag                     | `9.5.2`                                 |
| `database.image.pullPolicy`         | Container pull policy             | `IfNotPresent`                                           |
| `database.service.type` | Database service type | `ClusterIP`   |
| `database.externalPort` | Database service external port | `5432`   |
| `database.internalPort` | Database service internal port | `5432`   |
| `database.persistence.mountPath` | Database persistence volume mount path | `"/var/lib/postgresql/data"`   |
| `database.persistence.enabled` | Database persistence volume enabled | `true`   |
| `database.persistence.accessMode` | Database persistence volume access mode | `ReadWriteOnce`   |
| `database.persistence.size` | Database persistence volume size | `10Gi`   |
| `artifactory.name` | Artifactory name | `artifactory`   |
| `artifactory.replicaCount`            | Replica count for Artifactory deployment| `1`                                                |
| `artifactory.image.pullPolicy`         | Container pull policy             | `IfNotPresent`                                           |
| `artifactory.image.repository`    | Container image                   | `docker.bintray.io/jfrog/artifactory-pro`                |
| `artifactory.image.version`       | Container image tag               | `5.4.6`                                                  |
| `artifactory.service.type`| Artifactory service type | `ClusterIP` |
| `artifactory.externalPort` | Artifactory service external port | `8081`   |
| `artifactory.internalPort` | Artifactory service internal port | `8081`   |
| `artifactory.persistence.mountPath` | Artifactory persistence volume mount path | `"/var/opt/jfrog/artifactory"`   |
| `artifactory.persistence.enabled` | Artifactory persistence volume enabled | `true`   |
| `artifactory.persistence.accessMode` | Artifactory persistence volume access mode | `ReadWriteOnce`   |
| `artifactory.persistence.size` | Artifactory persistence volume size | `20Gi`   |
| `nginx.name` | Nginx name | `nginx`   |
| `nginx.replicaCount` | Nginx replica count | `1`   |
| `nginx.image.repository`    | Container image                   | `docker.bintray.io/jfrog/nginx-artifactory-pro`                |
| `nginx.image.pullPolicy`    | Container pull policy                   | `IfNotPresent`                |
| `nginx.image.version`       | Container image tag               | `5.4.6`                                                  |
| `nginx.service.type`| Nginx service type | `LoadBalancer` |
| `nginx.service.sourceRanges` | Nginx source ranges for `LoadBalancer` | |
| `nginx.externalPortHttp` | Nginx service external port | `80`   |
| `nginx.internalPortHttp` | Nginx service internal port | `80`   |
| `nginx.externalPortHttps` | Nginx service external port | `443`   |
| `nginx.internalPortHttps` | Nginx service internal port | `443`   |
| `nginx.env.artUrl` | Nginx Environment variable Artifactory URL | `"http://artifactory:8081/artifactory"`   |
| `nginx.env.ssl` | Nginx Environment enable ssl | `true`   |
| `nginx.persistence.mountPath` | Nginx persistence volume mount path | `"/var/opt/jfrog/nginx"`   |
| `nginx.persistence.enabled` | Nginx persistence volume enabled | `true`   |
| `nginx.persistence.accessMode` | Nginx persistence volume access mode | `ReadWriteOnce`   |
| `nginx.persistence.size` | Nginx persistence volume size | `5Gi`   |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.


## Useful links
https://www.jfrog.com
https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/

Commit message:

Added the ability to specify a certificate arn.
This is useful if you want to have a signed certificate so that clients can automatically trust the connection.

kubernetes/helm/artifactory/README.md, after:

# JFrog Artifactory Helm Chart

## Prerequisites Details

* Kubernetes 1.6+
* Artifactory Pro trial license [get one from here](https://www.jfrog.com/artifactory/free-trial/)

## Chart Details
This chart will do the following:

* Deploy Artifactory-Oss
* Deploy Artifactory-Pro

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `artifactory`:

```bash
$ helm install --name artifactory stable/artifactory
```

### Deploying Artifactory OSS
By default it will run Artifactory-Pro to run Artifactory-Oss use following command:
```bash
$ helm install --name artifactory --set artifactory.image.repository=docker.bintray.io/jfrog/artifactory-oss stable/artifactory
```

### Accessing Artifactory
**NOTE:** It might take a few minutes for Artifactory's public IP to become available.
Follow the instructions outputted by the install command to get the Artifactory IP to access it.

### Updating Artifactory
Once you have a new chart version, you can update your deployment with
```bash
$ helm upgrade artifactory --namespace artifactory stable/artifactory
```

This will apply any configuration changes on your existing deployment.

### Customizing Database password
You can override the specified database password (set in [values.yaml](values.yaml)), by passing it as a parameter in the install command line
```bash
$ helm install --name artifactory --namespace artifactory --set database.env.pass=12_hX34qwerQ2 stable/artifactory
```

You can customise other parameters in the same way, by passing them on `helm install` command line.

### Deleting Artifactory
```bash
$ helm delete --purge artifactory
```

This will completely delete your Artifactory Pro deployment.  
**IMPORTANT:** This will also delete your data volumes. You will loose all data!

## Configuration

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the artifactory chart and their default values.

|         Parameter         |           Description             |                         Default                          |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| `database.name`          | Database name                     | `postgresql`                                                    |
| `database.replicaCount` | Database replica count | `1`   |
| `database.env.type`          | Database type                     | `postgresql`                                             |
| `database.env.name`          | Database name                     | `artifactory`                                            |
| `database.env.user`          | Database username                 | `artifactory`                                            |
| `database.env.pass`          | Database password                 | `artXifactory1973`                                       |
| `database.image.repository`          | Database container image                     | `docker.bintray.io/postgres`             |
| `database.image.version`          | Database container image tag                     | `9.5.2`                                 |
| `database.image.pullPolicy`         | Container pull policy             | `IfNotPresent`                                           |
| `database.service.type` | Database service type | `ClusterIP`   |
| `database.externalPort` | Database service external port | `5432`   |
| `database.internalPort` | Database service internal port | `5432`   |
| `database.persistence.mountPath` | Database persistence volume mount path | `"/var/lib/postgresql/data"`   |
| `database.persistence.enabled` | Database persistence volume enabled | `true`   |
| `database.persistence.accessMode` | Database persistence volume access mode | `ReadWriteOnce`   |
| `database.persistence.size` | Database persistence volume size | `10Gi`   |
| `artifactory.name` | Artifactory name | `artifactory`   |
| `artifactory.replicaCount`            | Replica count for Artifactory deployment| `1`                                                |
| `artifactory.image.pullPolicy`         | Container pull policy             | `IfNotPresent`                                           |
| `artifactory.image.repository`    | Container image                   | `docker.bintray.io/jfrog/artifactory-pro`                |
| `artifactory.image.version`       | Container image tag               | `5.4.6`                                                  |
| `artifactory.service.type`| Artifactory service type | `ClusterIP` |
| `artifactory.externalPort` | Artifactory service external port | `8081`   |
| `artifactory.internalPort` | Artifactory service internal port | `8081`   |
| `artifactory.persistence.mountPath` | Artifactory persistence volume mount path | `"/var/opt/jfrog/artifactory"`   |
| `artifactory.persistence.enabled` | Artifactory persistence volume enabled | `true`   |
| `artifactory.persistence.accessMode` | Artifactory persistence volume access mode | `ReadWriteOnce`   |
| `artifactory.persistence.size` | Artifactory persistence volume size | `20Gi`   |
| `nginx.name` | Nginx name | `nginx`   |
| `nginx.replicaCount` | Nginx replica count | `1`   |
| `nginx.image.repository`    | Container image                   | `docker.bintray.io/jfrog/nginx-artifactory-pro`                |
| `nginx.image.pullPolicy`    | Container pull policy                   | `IfNotPresent`                |
| `nginx.image.version`       | Container image tag               | `5.4.6`                                                  |
| `nginx.service.sourceRanges` | The SSL certificate ARN to use for the load balancer TLS | |
| `nginx.service.type`| Nginx service type | `LoadBalancer` |
| `nginx.service.sourceRanges` | Nginx source ranges for `LoadBalancer` | |
| `nginx.externalPortHttp` | Nginx service external port | `80`   |
| `nginx.internalPortHttp` | Nginx service internal port | `80`   |
| `nginx.externalPortHttps` | Nginx service external port | `443`   |
| `nginx.internalPortHttps` | Nginx service internal port | `443`   |
| `nginx.env.artUrl` | Nginx Environment variable Artifactory URL | `"http://artifactory:8081/artifactory"`   |
| `nginx.env.ssl` | Nginx Environment enable ssl | `true`   |
| `nginx.persistence.mountPath` | Nginx persistence volume mount path | `"/var/opt/jfrog/nginx"`   |
| `nginx.persistence.enabled` | Nginx persistence volume enabled | `true`   |
| `nginx.persistence.accessMode` | Nginx persistence volume access mode | `ReadWriteOnce`   |
| `nginx.persistence.size` | Nginx persistence volume size | `5Gi`   |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.


## Useful links
https://www.jfrog.com
https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/
